netflix-gpt/README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

#Netflix Gpt

-Create React App
-Configured tailwind
-Header
-routing of App
-Login Form
-SignUp Form
-Form Validation
-useRef hook
-firebase setup
-Deploying our app to production
-Create SignUp user Account
-Implement Sign in User Api
-Created Redux store with userSlice
-Implemented Sign Out feature
-Update profile api
-Fetch from TMDB Movies

#Features
-Login / Sign Up
    -Sign In / Sign Up Form
    -redirect to browse page
-Browse (after authentication)
    -Header
    -Main Movie
        -Trailer in  Background
        -Title & Description
        -Movie Suggestions
            -MovieLists * N

-NetflixGpt
    -Search bar
    -Movie Suggestions

Commit message:

TMDB API data Fetch && built MainContainer

netflix-gpt/README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend using TypeScript with type-aware lint rules enabled. Check out the [TS template](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts) for information on how to integrate TypeScript and [`typescript-eslint`](https://typescript-eslint.io) in your project.

#Netflix Gpt

-Create React App
-Configured tailwind
-Header
-routing of App
-Login Form
-SignUp Form
-Form Validation
-useRef hook
-firebase setup
-Deploying our app to production
-Create SignUp user Account
-Implement Sign in User Api
-Created Redux store with userSlice
-Implemented Sign Out feature
-Update profile api
-Fetch from TMDB Movies
-BugFix: Sign up user displayName and profile picture update
-BugFix: if the user is not logged in Redirect /browse to Login Page and vice-versa
-Unsubscribed to the onAuthStateChanged callback
-Add hardcoded values to the constants file
-Register TMDB Api & create an app & get an access token.
-Get data from TMDB now playing movies list API
-Custom hook for now playing movies
-Create movieSlice
-Update Store with movies Data
-Planning for MainContainer and SecondaryContainer
-Fetch data for Trailer video
-Update store with Trailer Video Data
-Embedded the Youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
-Tailwind classes to make Main Container look awesome


#Features
-Login / Sign Up
    -Sign In / Sign Up Form
    -redirect to browse page
-Browse (after authentication)
    -Header
    -Main Movie
        -Trailer in  Background
        -Title & Description
        -Movie Suggestions
            -MovieLists * N

-NetflixGpt
    -Search bar
    -Movie Suggestions
